when I feel blue don't know what to do I
look at you and I just say you still at
that little caesars over morn la donna
new Detroit stamping now you got fired
from a pizza played at least I got ja
late again Smith and you're fired yeah
everybody's calling you a loser never
1014 you guys start living in fear I
start living down here look all right
come on man how you feeling if you had
one shot saving up enough cash to get
out of this place you want opportunity
oh my weight I'm taking your way cease
everything you ever wonder if
something's gonna happen it needs to
happen now don't you caption it's my boy
bunny rabbit he's a genius Leslie what
are you doing with your life that's so
great back to reality oh there goes
do they go rabid show he's old man but
you won't give up that easy no he won't
have it he knows his whole back's to
these ropes its own matter he's dope he
knows that but he's pro he's so stagnant
eNOS and he goes back to this mobile
home that's mins back to the lab again
yo this old rap city better go capture
this moment I open
the music the moment
miss a chance to blow
the music the moment you all
miss your chance to blow this
opportunity comes once in a lifetime
eight miles every moment is a chance to
turn it around I was feeling about you
I'm gonna be great they're calling your
name
and you think the moments
the blow